Add release note for Kyma 2.20 (#857)
kyma-project/community: docs/kyma-release-notes/2023-11-08-release-notes-2.20.md

> Colorful leaves dropping on the ground signify high autumn. With Kyma 2.20, we say goodbye to some of our components that fall down the Kyma tree. However, it is a natural process as they will be reborn in their modular versions, and we will watch them in full bloom again. Read on to learn more about changes in the new Kyma release.

Reviewer: Actually we are removing only one component: monitoring. All others are getting modularized and it is not a removal of functionality

> Colorful leaves dropping on the ground signify high autumn. With Kyma 2.20, we say goodbye to some of our components that fall down the Kyma tree. However, it is a natural process as they will be reborn in their modular versions, and we will watch them in full bloom again. Read on to learn more about changes in the new Kyma release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Colorful leaves dropping on the ground signify high autumn. With Kyma 2.20, we say goodbye to one of our components that falls down the Kyma tree. However, it is a natural process. See two other components getting reborn in their modular versions, and watch them in full bloom again. Read on to learn more about changes in the new Kyma release.
```
@a-thaler I hope that reflects the situation better.

## Application Connector

> ### Removal of the Application Connector component

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Removal of the Application Connector (AC) component
```

> ### Removal of the Application Connector component

Reviewer: We don't remove the component, we migrated it to a module, keeping functionality and providing more benefits. That is a big difference to the monitoring removal were we actually removed functionality

Reviewer 2: What Otters and Frogs probably meant was removing AC and Serverless from the components list and that is in a sense "removal". However, the sense is definitely different compared to the ultimate Monitoring component removal. @kwiatekus @koala7659 can we rephrase "removal" to "migration" in the case of AC and Serverless?

Reviewer 4: Yes. Migration sounds better. Thank you

> ### Removal of the Application Connector component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Migration of the Application Connector (AC) component
```

> ### Removal of the Application Connector (AC) component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Migration of the Application Connector (AC) component
```

With the introduction of the Application Connector module, the AC component is no longer installed by default with Kyma.
To enable Application Connector on new clusters, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/kyma-project/application-connector-manager/blob/main/docs/contributor/01-10-installation.md).
 
## Observability

### Removal of the Monitoring component

> The Monitoring component, including the in-cluster Prometheus/Grafana stack, has been removed (https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/16306) as announced in the [Removal of Prometheus/Grafana-based monitoring in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime](https://blogs.sap.com/2023/09/07/removal-of-prometheus-grafana-based-monitoring-in-sap-btp-kyma-runtime) blog post. You must follow the cleanup instructions because no updates to the component will be shipped anymore.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The Monitoring component, including the in-cluster Prometheus/Grafana stack, [has been removed](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/16306) as announced in the [Removal of Prometheus/Grafana-based monitoring in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime](https://blogs.sap.com/2023/09/07/removal-of-prometheus-grafana-based-monitoring-in-sap-btp-kyma-runtime) blog post. You must follow the cleanup instructions because no updates to the component will be shipped anymore.
```

## Serverless

> ### Removal of the Serverless component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Migration of the Serverless component
```

> As of Kyma 2.20, Serverless is no longer installed by default as a Kyma component.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As of Kyma 2.20, Serverless is no longer installed by default as a Kyma component. It is now developed and released as an independent module that you could  easily add to your Kyma runtime to extend it with the same serverless capabilities, well known  from previous kyma versions.
```

Reviewer 2: or
```suggestion
As of Kyma 2.20, Serverless is no longer installed by default as a Kyma component. It is now developed and released as an independent module. Adding the module to your Kyma runtime, you extend the runtime with the same Serverless capabilities, that you have already known so well from the previous Kyma versions.
```
@kwiatekus, is that ok?

> To enable Serverless on new Kyma runtime instances, you must install Serverless Operator. Service Operator will install and continue reconciling Serverless installation based on the Serverless Custom Resource.

Reviewer 2: Serverless - my mistake. Thank you Iwona!

> To enable Serverless on new Kyma runtime instances, you must install Serverless Operator. Serverless Operator will install and continue reconciling Serverless installation based on the Serverless Custom Resource.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To enable Serverless on new Kyma runtime instances, you must install Serverless Operator. Serverless Operator will install and continue reconciling Serverless installation based on the Serverless custom resource.
```

> ..placeholder for preface..

Reviewer 2: Colorful leaves dropping on the ground signify high autumn. With Kyma 2.20, we say goodbye to some of our components that fall down the Kyma tree. However, it is a natural process as they will be reborn in their modular versions and we will watch them in full bloom again. Read on to learn more about changes in the new Kyma release.

> ..placeholder for preface..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Colorful leaves dropping on the ground signify high autumn. With Kyma 2.20, we say goodbye to some of our components that fall down the Kyma tree. However, it is a natural process as they will be reborn in their modular versions, and we will watch them in full bloom again. Read on to learn more about changes in the new Kyma release.
```

## Application Connector

### Removal of the Application Connector component

> With the introduction of the AC module, the AC component will no longer by installed by default with Kyma.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the introduction of the Application Connector module, the AC component is no longer installed by default with Kyma.
```

> To enable Application Connector on new clusters, follow the installation instructions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Application Connector on new clusters, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/kyma-project/application-connector-manager/blob/main/docs/contributor/01-10-installation.md).
```

> https://github.com/kyma-project/application-connector-manager/blob/main/docs/contributor/01-10-installation.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

 
## Observability

> ### Removal of monitoring component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Removal of the Monitoring component
```

> The monitoring component including the in-cluster Prometheus/Grafana stack has been removed (https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/16306) as announced with blog post (https://blogs.sap.com/2023/09/07/removal-of-prometheus-grafana-based-monitoring-in-sap-btp-kyma-runtime). You must follow the cleanup instructions because no updates to the component will be shipped anymore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Monitoring component, including the in-cluster Prometheus/Grafana stack, has been removed (https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/16306) as announced in the [Removal of Prometheus/Grafana-based monitoring in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime](https://blogs.sap.com/2023/09/07/removal-of-prometheus-grafana-based-monitoring-in-sap-btp-kyma-runtime) blog post. You must follow the cleanup instructions because no updates to the component will be shipped anymore.
```

## Serverless

> ### Removal of serverless component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Removal of the Serverless component
```

> As of kyma v2.20 the Serverless component is no longer installed by default as a kyma component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of Kyma 2.20, Serverless is no longer installed by default as a Kyma component.
```

> In order to enable serverless on new kyma runtime instances you would need to install serverless operator that will install and continue reconciling serverless installation based on Serverless Custom Resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable Serverless on new Kyma runtime instances, you must install Serverless Operator. Service Operator will install and continue reconciling Serverless installation based on the Serverless Custom Resource.
```

> Please follow the installation instructions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/kyma-project/serverless-manager/tree/main#install).
```

> https://github.com/kyma-project/serverless-manager/tree/main#install   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
